Getting Started with CLI Doc Changes (#218)
nginxinc/nginx-service-mesh: docs/content/get-started/install.md

1. Extract the binary, `nginx-meshctl.exe`, from the zip file.

1. Add the binary to your PATH.

1. Test the installation.

    ```bash
    nginx-meshctl
    ```

### Air Gap Environment

> NGINX Service Mesh will pull multiple required images into your Kubernetes cluster in order to function, some of which are from publicly-accessible third parties. For a full list refer to the [Technical Specifications]( {{< ref "/about/tech-specs.md#images" >}} ). If you require these images in a private repository, see our [private registry guide]( {{< ref "/guides/private-registry.md" >}} ).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NGINX Service Mesh will pull multiple required images into your Kubernetes cluster in order to function, some of which are from publicly-accessible third parties. For a full list refer to the [Technical Specifications]( {{< ref "/about/tech-specs.md#images" >}} ). If you are using a private registry, see our [private registry guide]( {{< ref "/guides/private-registry.md" >}} ).
```
